README.md, before:

jrConway Responsive Blog WP Theme
============================


The jrConway Responsive Blog template is a template designed to be used by DEVELOPERS to
make it easier to create a responsive Wordpress template. This template is mainly designed so that I
have a base to work off of in the future, but can be used by anyone to do the same thing.

The template could potentially be used on its own as well, but its primarily designed just to be a
starting point for developers to base their themes off of. Of course, replace all references to
jrconwayblog with the name of your own template.

This template utilizes TwentyTwelve as a base, Gumby Framework, Twitter Bootstrap (for the icons),
and Less. The WP-Less Wordpress extension used in this template was created by Robert O'Rourke.
As this template uses LESS instead of normal CSS, this stylesheet page is only here to represent the
theme itself. All styles have been removed from this stylesheet.

All content areas that may potentially be editable are created as Widget Areas. Even the header can
be made into a widget area if no header image is provided.


At this point in time it is still work-in-progress. I can only do so much while working on other things. I'm going to try and make nightly updates from now on, even if its a couple of minor issues, but I can't guarantee a thing.


Update #3: Added Schema to the header and rewrote the header to look like Gumby. The Schema will be added to Theme Options later so it can be defined properly. Also added all required sidebars and updated the header and footer areas, respectively.

Commit message:

Added styles for the homepage.
I finally went in and updated the styles to get this thing done. I set
all the styles for the layout, cut Gumby (it wouldn't work well with
Less), and changed this theme to jrBlog. The theme will work
out-of-the-box once complete, but for now I'm focusing on getting it
done specifically for my personal website. Once the site is online I'll
continue to expand the theme further in the future.

README.md, after:

# jrBlog Responsive WP Theme
============================


jrBlog is a responsive wordpress template built for personal usage, but also as a template designed to be used by DEVELOPERS to make it easier to create a responsive wordpress template. The template works out of the box, but can also be used as a base for future wordpress templates, which I will be using it for as well.

This template utilizes TwentyTwelve as a base, Twitter Bootstrap, and Less. The WP-Less Wordpress extension used in this template was created by Robert O'Rourke. As this template uses LESS instead of normal CSS, this stylesheet page is only here to represent the theme itself. All styles have been removed from this stylesheet.

All content areas that may potentially be editable are created as Widget Areas. Even the header can be made into a widget area if no header image is provided.


## WIP

At this point in time it is still work-in-progress. I can only do so much while working on other things. I'm going to try and make nightly updates from now on, even if its a couple of minor issues, but I can't guarantee a thing.


### Update #4
Been a while since I got to this. I've renamed it again, instead to just jrBlog. I'm going to work on finishing it up enough so I can actually use it for my personal site, then later extend it. Initially it probably won't be responsive; too much effort at first, but I'll get to that quickly. First thing, though, is I need to actually have it ready so I can use it.

I made a ton of updates to it. Its almost done now, but I still have to fix up the sidebar and footer areas. Also, I have to test single posts and full pages to make sure everything works properly. I have now successfully enabled the ability to either upload a header image in Theme Options, or to use Widgets as well.

Oh, and I was having too many problems with Gumby. Overall I like the idea of using it for both 12-columns and 16-columns... but Gumby was NOT working well with Less, so I switched to just using Bootstrap instead.
